Robert Kulesza
2608 Herbertsville Road
Point Pleasant, NJ, 08742
(732)618-8342
http://www.github.com/rkulesza9
kuleszar@kean.edu

Has web development experience from working at Vorexa and from portfolio projects including experience with various backend languages and web APIs. Has experience from various portfolio projects that show my skills in android programming and html5 programming. Has problem solving skills as shown through experience solving complex problems at Vorexa, and through projects in my portfolio.

EDUCATION
Kean University, Union City, NJ — Bachelors in Mathematics and Computer Science
SEPT 2017 - CURRENT
Currently attending Kean University until graduation on May, 2020
Maintained a GPA of above 3.8
Dean's List Honoree
Ocean County College, Toms River, NJ — Associates in Mathematics
SEPT 2014 - MAY 2016
Maintained a GPA of above 3.5.
Dean's List Honoree
Graduated member of the Tau Iota Chapter of Phi Theta Kappa (Honor Society)

EXPERIENCE
Kean University, Union, NJ — Research Assistant
OCT 2018 - CURRENT
Created and programmed solutions to current Artificial Intelligence research problems.
Experience in neural network programming and using neural networks for machine learning.
Experience writing formal research papers.
IPlay America, Freehold, NJ — Banquet Server
JUN 2018 - CURRENT
Set up and maintained event rooms.
Served food and cleaned up after customers.
Worked in teams to work each event, often working multiple events simultaneously.

Stop and Shop, Point Pleasant, NJ — Cashier
MAR 2015 - CURRENT
Assist customers by providing information and resolving their complaints.
Assist other departments such as the dairy, grocery, and produce departments when requested.
Worked autonomously to complete the tasks given to me.
Supervise Cashiers in training and provide them with instruction.
Processed customer orders and handled money.
Vorexa, Manasquan, NJ — Programmer (Project by Project)
SEP 2012 - SEP 2013
Debug applications before putting them on the client's server.
Added customer-requested functionality to existing websites and applications.
Gained experience using HTML, CSS, javascript, JQuery, PHP, and MySQL.
The Grand Carwash, Point Pleasant, NJ — Assistant Manager
FEB 2011 - SEP 2016
Supervise employees and assign them tasks throughout the day.
Clean, test, and maintain machinery.
Prepped and detailed cars.
Handled customer complaints and filled out damage reports.
Made product-orders for the store connected to the car wash.
Worked as a Cashier at the Carwash Store.
Train new employees to carry out daily tasks (such as fill soap pumps, clean office, empty garbage, open the garages, prep and detail cars, etc.)
Fixed coin machines and coin-operated vacuum pumps.
SKILLS
Programming Languages: Java, Python, C++, PHP
Database Management Systems: MySQL
Web Development: HTML, CSS, Javascript, JQuery, Angular.js, Bootstrap.js
Mobile Development: Android

VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
Making Strides Annual Breast Cancer Walk, Point Pleasant, NJ
2015 - CURRENT
Completed the march every year since 2015 as a member of the Stop And Shop team.
Computer Science Tutor, Toms River, NJ
SEPT 2014 - MAY 2016
Tutored students for Programming I, Programming II, Data Structures & Algorithms, and Assembly Language.
INTERESTS & ACTIVITIES
Syllabus Pal, Android Application
SEPT 2015 - MAY 2016
An android app that helps students organize their semester workload. (All code on github)
Order Calculator, Android Application
SEPT 2015 - MAY 2016
An android app that helps independent sales representatives calculate the total cost of customer orders and allows them to send customers automated receipts.
kuleszar.com, website
SEPT 2015 - MAY 2016
My personal website where I share my life accomplishments, hobbies, and projects with others.
